CPSEC-46: Adds docker examples for OAuth in Confluent Server (#258)
confluentinc/kafka-images: examples/confluent-server-oauth/README.md

2. Get an access token from Keycloak passing the client credentials of super user client app. The client credentials are base64 encoded `client_id:client_secret` and is configured in `keycloak-realm-export.json`.

    ```shell
    curl -X POST \
       -H "Authorization: Basic c3VwZXJ1c2VyX2NsaWVudF9hcHA6c3VwZXJ1c2VyX2NsaWVudF9hcHBfc2VjcmV0" \
       -H "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" \
       -d "grant_type=client_credentials" \
       http://localhost:8080/realms/cp/protocol/openid-connect/token
    ```

3. Grant access to other client apps or users by assigning roles to them.
   For example, granting access to client app `client_app1` over topic `test` of Kafka cluster `vHCgQyIrRHG8Jv27qI2h3Q`, replace `<access-token>` with token obtained above:

    ```shell
    curl -v \
      -H "Authorization: Bearer <access-token>" \
      -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
      -H "Accept: application/json" \
      -X POST 'http://localhost:8091/security/1.0/principals/User:client_app1/roles/ResourceOwner/bindings' \

>       -d '{"scope":{"clusters":{"kafka-cluster":"vHCgQyIrRHG8Jv27qI2h3Q"}}, "resourcePatterns":[{"resourceType":"Topic", "name":"test", "patternType":"LITERAL"}]}'

Author: Please list down what you tried and steps to reproduce your problems.

    ```

   Also assign access to a consumer group.
   ```shell
    curl -v \
      -H "Authorization: Bearer <access-token>" \
      -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
      -H "Accept: application/json" \
      -X POST 'http://localhost:8091/security/1.0/principals/User:client_app1/roles/ResourceOwner/bindings' \
      -d '{"scope":{"clusters":{"kafka-cluster":"vHCgQyIrRHG8Jv27qI2h3Q"}}, "resourcePatterns":[{"resourceType":"Group", "name":"console-consumer-group", "patternType":"LITERAL"}]}'
    ```

## Produce and Consume to Kafka using OAuth

1. Create a client configuration file `client.properties` that uses OAuth:

    ```properties
    sasl.mechanism=OAUTHBEARER
    security.protocol=SASL_PLAINTEXT
    group.id=console-consumer-group
    sasl.login.callback.handler.class=org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.secured.OAuthBearerLoginCallbackHandler

>     sasl.oauthbearer.token.endpoint.url=http://localhost:8080/realms/cp/protocol/openid-connect/token

Reviewer: I tried using this token end point in my producer sample. I am getting a 400 error from the token endpoint as response.

Author: Share the curl request you tried.

# OAuth in Kafka and Metadata Service (RBAC Server)

## Overview

> OAuth is an open standard to obtain limited access to an account, such as Keycloak, or Okta, without
> exposing user credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OAuth 2.0 is an open standard to obtain limited access to an account without
exposing user credentials. Example OAuth 2.0 providers include [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) and [Okta](https://www.okta.com/).
```

Author: done

This Docker Compose setup provides a container-based experience for getting started with Confluent

> Platform OAuth.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Platform's OAuth support.
```

Author: done

This creates a minimal CP setup (consisting only of the broker and MDS) operating seamlessly *
*without** LDAP.

## Getting Started

To run the Docker Compose setup, execute the following command:

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

This will:

1. Start a Keycloak server on port 8080. This acts as the OAuth identity provider.
2. Run Confluent Server with Role-based access control (RBAC).
3. Create a new listener `EXTERNAL` for SASL/OAuthBearer in Confluent Server.
4. Configure Confluent Server to connect to local Keycloak identity provider.

## RBAC using OAuth

> 1. Get the Kafka cluster ID from docker-compose file or broker logs or following REST
>    API : http://localhost:8091/v1/metadata/id

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Get the Kafka cluster ID from the `CLUSTER_ID` environment variable defined in the `docker-compose.yml` file, or via the following GET REST request: http://localhost:8091/v1/metadata/id
```

Author: done

> 2. Get an access token from Keycloak passing the client credentials of super user client app:

Reviewer 2: where do those `c3Vw...` credentials come from? will they always be the same? Maybe worth an explanation of where they come from, or instructions on how to get them if they'll be different each time this is run

Author: Yeah, this will always be the same as we are using local keycloak identity provider with the creds hardcoded in realms-export.json file. Will include this information.

    ```shell
    curl -X POST \
       -H "Authorization: Basic c3VwZXJ1c2VyX2NsaWVudF9hcHA6c3VwZXJ1c2VyX2NsaWVudF9hcHBfc2VjcmV0" \
       -H "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" \
       -d "grant_type=client_credentials" \
       http://localhost:8080/realms/cp/protocol/openid-connect/token
    ```

3. Grant access to other client apps or users by assigning roles to them.
   For example, granting access to client app `client_app1` over topic `test` of Kafka cluster `vHCgQyIrRHG8Jv27qI2h3Q`, replace `<access-token>` with token obtained above:

    ```shell
    curl -v \
      -H "Authorization: Bearer <access-token>" \
      -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
      -H "Accept: application/json" \
      -X POST 'http://localhost:8091/security/1.0/principals/User:client_app1/roles/ResourceOwner/bindings' \
      -d '{"scope":{"clusters":{"kafka-cluster":"vHCgQyIrRHG8Jv27qI2h3Q"}}, "resourcePatterns":[{"resourceType":"Topic", "name":"test", "patternType":"LITERAL"}]}'
    ```

>    Also assign access a consumer group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Also assign access to a consumer group.
```
